# Functions and Nested Loops

## 0-putchar.c

This program prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

## 1-alphabet.c

This program prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line

## 2-print_alphabet_x10.c

This program prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

## 3-islower.c

This program checks for lowercase character.

## 4-isalpha.c

This program checks for alphabetic character.

## 5-sign.c

This program prints the sign of a number.

## 6-abs.c

This program computes the absolute value of an integer.

## 7-print_last_digit.c

This program prints the last digit of a number.

## 8-24_hours.c

This program prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

## 9-times_table.c

This program prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

## 10-add.c

This program adds two integers and returns the result.

## 11-print_to_98.c

This program prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

## 100-times_table.c

This program prints the n times table, starting with 0.
- If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

## 101-natural.c

This program computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

## 102-fibonacci.c

This program prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

## 103-fibonacci.c

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

## 104-fibonacci.c

This program finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

